Documented MP JWT Public Key Cache TTL (#127)
payara/Payara-Community-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/documentation/microprofile/jwt.adoc

IMPORTANT: Keep in mind that tokens which are missing their type claim and are propagated to other services running on other Eclipse MicroProfile runtimes might be rejected, as the specification mandates the inclusion of the claim.

=== Caching the Public Key

_Since Payara Platform 5.2021.1_

> By default, the public key retrieved by the `mp.jwt.verify.publickey.location` configuration property will be cached in memory for 5 minutes after being read from either a local file or a remote location. You can modify this _"time-to-live"_ that the key stays cached in memory in the case you are dealing with long-lived keys by setting the `publicKey.cache.ttl` custom property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the public key retrieved by the `mp.jwt.verify.publickey.location` configuration property will be cached in memory for 5 minutes after being read from either a local file or a remote location. You can modify this _"time-to-live"_ property which determines how long the key stays cached in memory in the case you are dealing with long-lived keys, this is done by setting the `publicKey.cache.ttl` custom property.
```
